I will explain how to reset the
etap of the bios and leave it as
it comes from the factory that we have to do
look first of all it's always
recommended that you wear gloves
latex gloves as we have always
said here at this moment we are
seeing the two and rites where we would have
what to put this jumper we would place it
this way
we have already placed the jumper and now
you wonder what we should do
we would have to wait 6 seconds for
reset the bios setup with six
seconds is enough
there would be what we would have to do
we will remove the jumper there we would have it and
ready if you realize here we are
seeing the pile is responsible for
keep the date the time the month the
parameters of the bio which is what
we would do with a screwdriver we would do
this
we would take the stack
and it would take six seconds and with
only six seconds we would return it to
place the battery in its place remember
that has a position we would return it to
place in your site
there would be the stack placed setup of the
bios would be reset with only
six seconds if the jumper does not
it worked
we tried 6 seconds the battery see that this
plate model the bios has three
You see, you would have to put the
jumper in this way if you see that of
this way does not work we would put it
well and ready it proves six seconds
only
remember six seconds reset the
setup of the bios with six seconds or
well we took out the battery we would take the
pile here we are watching 6 seconds
We wait 6 seconds and we will return
place the stack
there would be the newly placed pillar
what has happened to a lot of people
since the bios does not reset a good
idea to take the stack out of the plate or put
the jumper and once the
jumper wait at least 20 minutes at a
hour that is let's go by steps we do
those of the jumper six seconds we do the
of the battery six seconds and it does not work
we would have to do third option
we would wait 20 minutes to an hour and
we put back either the stack or the
jumper on the site that was 20
minutes to an hour and we put it back
and many people say everything done and the plate
it starts beeping
first connect the pc to the current
without the battery we take out the battery is worth
have the battery put on the
team we press f1 to enter the
bios setup press
efe 2 to reset by default all the
avío without having the pile
and that the bios stay by default
we let the system open turn off the
pc you replace the battery you turn on
the pc but before what we have to
to do is go to efe 8 once
we are already in the ship setup there what
what we have to do is place it now
we let the system know how to restart the
PC or pay it and I do not think I'll get back
to give the problem of the beeps in this
way you will be able to solve the
problem of the beeps if you follow
these steps you will be able to reset the
setup of the bios you will be able to put the
time the date correctly thank you for
be there very cordial greeting for
all and I hope that this video has them
been of quite help to all and to my
friends that have a great time
bye